---
title: 1st Staff Student Liaison Committee meeting of 2022/23
event: 1st SSL meeting of 2022/23
summary: 

#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: "2022-11-16T14:00:00Z"
date_end: "2022-11-16T16:00:00Z"
all_day: false

publishDate: "2022-11-11T00:00:00Z"

authors:
- lenka


draft: false
toc: false

featured: true


image:
  caption: 
  focal_point: Right

links:
 - name: Agenda for SSLC meeting is on a way
   url: ''

 - name: Recordings from past SSLC meetings
   url: 'https://uob.sharepoint.com/teams/grp-ggy-postgrad/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx?id=%2Fteams%2Fgrp%2Dggy%2Dpostgrad%2FShared%20Documents%2FSSLC&viewid=23b21ecf%2D2c8f%2D446b%2D9b7b%2De9cd79bdeeae'
 
 - name: PGR Education Action Plan (EAP)
   url: 'https://uob.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/geographical-sciences/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BEE09BA0D-6000-44F9-9EF1-7DB90C7B7063%7D&file=PGR-School-of-Geographical-Sciences-EAP-djl-3.xlsx&action=default&mobileredirect=true'

 - name: Topic/feedback form here
   url: 'https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeuV_ykeAXLxI-tJQjfD1tVE1tqw2idK77MFI1OeSG10gbkdw/viewform?usp=sf_link'

---

**The Staff Student Liaison Committee (SSLC) is a mechanism by which students and staff can communicate and obtain feedback about all aspects of the PGR experience. Join us for this year's first SSL  meeting to find out the progress on improving your student experience.**

**When:** 16th November 2-4 p.m. 
**Where** online on teams, link can be found in your calendar invites and in a header of this post.

The SSLC meeting is an important part of the PGR (post-graduate research) calendar. Chaired by one of our PGR Reps, it hosts a discussion between the PGR staff and PGR students, and aims to;

1. Provide a safe space to communicate any bad or good PGR experiences
2. Inform about any changes from faculty side or the student side 
3. Update on progress related to Education Action Plan (link in bio)
4. Update on progress related to PRESS survey

This meeting is open for all PGRs regardless of year of study, and its purpose is for people to be heard. 

**IMPORTANT** If you are not able to attend the meeting or wish something to be mentioned on the meeting and don't want to be known as the author, feel free to fill out [**this anonymous feedback/response/discussion form**](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeuV_ykeAXLxI-tJQjfD1tVE1tqw2idK77MFI1OeSG10gbkdw/viewform?usp=sf_link). 

If you have any questions about this, please get in touch with one of [our Reps](https://geogbrowns.info/people/). 
